{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14100\viewh12820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b AAS 225th Meeting, January 4th - 8th 2015\
Abstract Proposal\
Nicholas S. Kern\
University of Michigan\

\b0 \

\fs26 	Serpens South is a protocluster with an unusually high abundance of Class 0 and I protostars, suggesting it is in a very early phase of star formation and may eventually form a star cluster. Following its discovery in 2008 with the Spitzer space telescope, infrared and millimeter observations and analysis quickly followed, however, Serpens South has yet to be fully explored in the radio. Radio observations at centimeter wavelengths have long been used as a tool to probe the dynamical processes of young protostars that are still heavily shrouded in their protostellar envelope and thus cannot be seen at longer wavelengths. Radio observations then become an especially pertinent tool due in characterizing protostellar activity in Serpens South due to its young age. We conducted a EVLA C band continuum observation of the central region of Serpens South in order to map the centimeter continuum emission in a region of high Class 0 / I protostellar surface density. We report the detection of centimeter emission corresponding to protostars identified in the infrared, and to protostars unidentified in the infrared. We characterize their centimeter emission, and put them in context with previous Spitzer and Herschel infrared and far-infrared observations, as well as IRAM millimeter observations. Additionally, we make an assessment of the protostars' bolometric luminosity, and compare them to the known protostellar 3.6 cm to 6.0 cm luminosity vs. bolometric luminosity relation. }